When [[Jack]] was discovered to be at [[Alcott]]'s [[The Calling|Calling]], [[Amy]] told [[Chud]] she thinks [[Jack]] should be killed on sight and [[Groups/Coteries/The Cadre]] supported [[Jack]]'s guest right. [[The General]] challenged [[Jack]] to a duel to the death during [[Alcott]]'s [[The Calling]]. [[Jack]] asked [[EX]] to be his second and [[The General]] asked [[Deocar]] to be his second. During the commotion of the challenge, [[Chud]] snuck onto [[Jack's Submarine|Jack's Boat]]. Things settled down and everyone moved to [[Times Square]], where the duel was set to take place. Before the fight, [[Hasan]] gave The General [[The God Round]]. A [[Conversation between Jack, Cosimo, and EX]] and a [[Conversation between Deocar and The General]] were overheard on the way. The fight was well attended: [[Groups/Coteries/The Cadre]], [[The Prodigy|The Prodigy]], [[The New Gods]], [[The Seven]], [[The Dreamers]], [[Lashtak]], [[Jasper]], [[Chalmers]], [[Edren]], [[Alexander]], [[Maximillion]], [[Vera]], [[Fat Pat]], [[Vlad Dracul]], [[Yennifer]], [[Ella]], [[Oleus]], [[Floren]], [[Anatoli]]. The general started it off with a slap which Jack surprisingly blocked. They went back and forth at the speed of fast for about 15 seconds with the general chipping Jack down and taking minimal damage. Over the course of the fight eagle features emerged on the general. On his last legs, Jack nearly decapitated The General in one stroke. Panicked and enraged, The General called in a stealth drone strike. [[Alcott]] took the missiles out of the sky with fire and [[Hasan]] detonated [[The God Round]], killing The General, stunning Jack, Enraging [[Deocar]], and sending most of those present into [[Rötschreck]]. During all this, [[Chud]] summoned birds (1600ish) from [[Mill Rocks]] to carry off all of [[Blood Coins]] (2400ish) from [[Jack's Submarine]], ghouling many of them in the process.